MASTER SERVICE AGREEMENT

This Master Service Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into effective March 1, 2024 ("Effective Date"),
between Acme Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Client"), and Target Industries LLC, a New York
limited liability company ("Service Provider").

RECITALS

WHEREAS, Service Provider provides professional consulting and software development services;

WHEREAS, Client desires to engage Service Provider to provide services under this Agreement;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein:

SECTION 1: SERVICES
Service Provider shall provide consulting, architecture, and software development services as
detailed in Statements of Work ("SOWs") executed under this Agreement.

SECTION 2: TERM
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue until December 31, 2026, unless
earlier terminated pursuant to Section 5. This Agreement shall automatically renew for successive
one-year terms unless either party provides ninety (90) days written notice of non-renewal prior
to the then-current expiration date.

SECTION 3: PAYMENT TERMS
3.1 Fee Structure. Client shall pay Service Provider the fees set forth in each SOW executed
hereunder. Fees are based on time-and-materials unless otherwise specified in an SOW.

3.2 Invoicing. Service Provider shall invoice Client upon completion of services or on a monthly
basis as set forth in each SOW. Invoices shall be due net thirty (30) days from receipt. Late
payments accrue interest at 1.5% per month or the maximum lawful rate, whichever is less.

SECTION 4: CONFIDENTIALITY
Each party agrees to maintain confidentiality of the other's proprietary information and not
disclose it to third parties without prior written consent. Confidentiality obligations shall
survive termination of this Agreement for a period of three (3) years.

SECTION 5: TERMINATION
5.1 Termination for Convenience. Either party may terminate this Agreement for convenience upon
thirty (30) days written notice to the other party. Upon such termination, Client shall pay Service
Provider for all services performed through the effective date of termination.

5.2 Termination for Cause. Either party may terminate this Agreement immediately upon written
notice if the other party materially breaches this Agreement and fails to cure such breach within
thirty (30) days of receiving written notice thereof.

SECTION 6: INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS
Service Provider is an independent contractor, not an employee of Client. Service Provider is
responsible for all taxes and withholdings related to compensation hereunder.

SECTION 7: INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
7.1 Work Product Ownership. All work product created by Service Provider under this Agreement
shall be owned by Client upon payment of fees, unless otherwise specified in an SOW.

7.2 Service Provider IP. Service Provider retains all intellectual property rights in its
pre-existing tools, methodologies, and platforms used in providing services, provided such are
not derived from Client's confidential information.

SECTION 8: ASSIGNMENT AND CHANGE OF CONTROL
Neither party may assign this Agreement without the other's prior written consent, except for
assignments to affiliates. In the event of a Change of Control of either party (meaning:
(a) acquisition of more than fifty percent (50%) of voting securities;
(b) merger or consolidation in which the party does not continue to own at least fifty percent
    (50%) of voting power;
(c) sale of substantially all assets),
the non-changing party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement upon sixty (60) days
written notice.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change of Control shall not include:
(i) acquisitions of voting securities by any employee stock ownership plan or trust established
    by the party;
(ii) reorganizations among entities that are under common control before and after the transaction;
(iii) the appointment of a new board of directors that owns less than twenty percent (20%) of
      voting securities.

Buyer must provide written notice of any Change of Control event within fifteen (15) business days
of the occurrence.

SECTION 9: WARRANTIES
Each party warrants that it has the legal authority to enter into this Agreement and that its
performance hereunder will not violate any third-party intellectual property rights or applicable law.

SECTION 10: LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Neither party's aggregate liability under this Agreement shall be limited to the total fees paid
by Client in the twelve (12) months immediately preceding the date of the claim, except for:
(a) indemnification obligations under Section 11;
(b) breach of confidentiality obligations under Section 4;
(c) gross negligence or willful misconduct.

SECTION 11: INDEMNIFICATION
Each party shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the other party from and against any and all
third-party claims, damages, and costs (including attorneys' fees) arising from or related to
intellectual property infringement claims against the receiving party's use of the providing party's
services or work product.

SECTION 12: GOVERNING LAW
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
Delaware, without regard to its conflicts of law principles. The parties irrevocably submit to the
exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in Delaware.

SECTION 13: ENTIRE AGREEMENT
This Agreement, together with all SOWs executed hereunder, constitutes the entire agreement between
the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior negotiations,
representations, and agreements, whether written or oral.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date.

ACME CORPORATION                        TARGET INDUSTRIES LLC

By: _________________________           By: _________________________
Name: John Smith                        Name: Jane Doe
Title: Chief Executive Officer         Title: President
Date: March 1, 2024                     Date: March 1, 2024
